Add announcements link to management console. (#107)
GoogleCloudPlatform/spinnaker-for-gcp: scripts/manage/landing_page_base.md

~/spinnaker-for-gcp/scripts/manage/update_management_environment.sh
```

### Sign up for Spinnaker for GCP updates and announcements

> Join this [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/spinnaker-for-gcp-announce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join the [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/spinnaker-for-gcp-announce) to keep informed about updates and other announcements.
```
